well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
polls and whether or not you can trust
the polls
the polls have consistently shown biden
in the lead
by actually like a lot the statistical
analysis of the polls
shows that biden has a an incredibly
high chance
of winning there's even evidence to
suggest
that the landslide is
pretty likely however
democrats yeah y'all heard this before
right
um you know clinton what was in the lead
and we all know what happened so there's
a lot of doubt
about whether or not anybody should
trust these polls
to get into this we have to address what
happened back then
and when i say this it's not a joke
um i'm really not joking when i say this
pollsters undercounted uneducated voters
that's what happened their term not mine
they under counted white voters
who did not have a college degree they
didn't weight them heavily enough
they have fixed that theoretically
i want to stop here and and point
something out
i think that's a really bad term um
you can not go to college
and and be educated you can go to
college
and not be educated
education and credentialing are not the
same thing
that's i want to put that out there
aside from that
i would like to just throw out my own
little theory
i don't think it has anything to do with
education level i think that's just
representative
of something else if you go to college
if you go to a university you are more
likely to have traveled
you are more likely to have broadened
your horizons
you are more likely to have been exposed
to other kinds of people
that makes you less susceptible
to trump's particular brand of
fear-mongering
that's what i think it is that's why i
think that disparity exists
but the the pollsters say otherwise
either way they have fixed that problem
so they say they're awaiting uneducated
voters
more heavily at the same time it should
be noted
that whites without a college degree
make up a smaller percentage of the
voting populous now
than they did four years ago so
yes trust the polls but also
no because polling isn't magic
it's not a crystal ball doesn't actually
see into the future
pollsters create their forecast
based on what people say during the
polls
if people don't do what they say then
the poll it's going to be wrong the
forecast will be wrong
um one of the things that
i think may have played into 2016
in addition to negative voter turnout
which is people showing up to vote
against
clinton i think there were a lot of
people who were like clinton's up in the
polls
i'm gonna eat a snack and take a nap
she's gonna win
and she didn't if you want biden to be
up by seven points like he is
in the polls you have to do what
your demographic reported in the polls
it's really that simple so yes
trust the polls because they fix the
statistical issue
but no don't trust them because they
don't actually mean anything
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day